Introduce recorder auto_purge, remove purge_interval (#12690)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/recorder.markdown

      required: false
      default: 3
      type: integer
    auto_purge:

>       description: Automatically purge the database every night. This keeps it from growing indefinitely. If you disable this, you can still use the service [`recorder.purge`](#service-purge) when required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: Automatically purge the database every night at 04:12 local time. Purging keeps the database from growing indefinitely, which will make Home Assistant slow. If you disable `auto_purge` it is recommended that you create an automation to call the [`recorder.purge`](#service-purge) periodically.
```

>       description: Automatically purge the database every night at 04:12 local time. Purging keeps the database from growing indefinitely, which will make Home Assistant slow. If you disable `auto_purge` it is recommended that you create an automation to call the [`recorder.purge`](#service-purge) periodically.

Author: ```suggestion
      description: Automatically purge the database every night at 04:12 local time. Purging keeps the database from growing indefinitely, which takes up disk space and can make Home Assistant slow. If you disable `auto_purge` it is recommended that you create an automation to call the [`recorder.purge`](#service-purge) periodically.
```
